Provide an Ansible role for VAST (#2604)
tenzir/vast: changelog/unreleased/changes/2604--ansible-role.md

> VAST now comes with a role definition for Ansible. You can find it directly in
> the `ansible` sub directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VAST now comes with a role definition for Ansible. You can find it directly in
the `ansible` subdirectory.
```
